Inform client-filtering doesn't apply to test-command (#16450)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/fundamentals/api/how-to/restrict-tokens.mdx

![IP Address filtering options](~/assets/images/fundamentals/api/ip-filter.png)

> > [!NOTE]  
> > The client IP address filtering does not apply for the test command   
> > That is, this action can be performed from any client.
> > ```
> > curl -X GET "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/user/tokens/verify" \
> >      -H "Authorization: Bearer <your-token>" \
> >      -H "Content-Type:application/json"
> > ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

Client IP address range filtering is not applied to the [Verify Token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/user-api-tokens-verify-token) endpoint.

:::
```
